hey guys Disney collector here with a
brand new place eyes from the movie Cars
this here is Luigi's tire shop so let's
open the box is see what we have inside
thanks for the place at the base he
comes with Guido street instructions 10
stickers
this little playset was really easy to
put together because the parts they just
click here we have Guido to move him
around you just push this forward and
then when you have a car in here let's
put a mater you just use the shift to
lounge just like that this tower of
tires move and the cool part is watching
we don't change tires you can move the
road around as well let's take a look on
this side we got a sticker Luigi's Casa
Bella tires logo and another sticker we
can pretend to give this Lightning
McQueen whitewall tires here comes the
piston couple Lightning McQueen
and now McQueen looks much better with
white wall tires since I have this Luigi
dressed up as Super Mario and this Guido
dressed up as Luigi we're just going to
give this McQueen a Super Mario hat made
of play-doh and our Lightning McQueen is
good to go
let's give made our new tires and maybe
a new costume as well how about we dress
up mater as Luigi
our mater is ready well guys thanks for
watching my videos and stay tuned for a
lot more play-doh and cars right here on
Disney collector
you